---
layout: default
title: Learning Resources
description: Outside of the resources here on the StereoKit site, there's a number of other places you can go for learning information! Here's a collection of external learnin...
---

# Learning Resources

Outside of the resources here on the StereoKit site, there's a number of
other places you can go for learning information! Here's a collection of
external learning and sample resources to get you off the ground a little
faster! If you have your own resources that you'd like to see linked
here, just let us know!

## Official Sample Projects

### [StereoKit Ink](https://github.com/StereoKit/StereoKit-PaintTutorial)

![StereoKit Ink]({{site.screen_url}}/StereoKitInk.jpg)

A well documented repository that illustrates creating a complete but
simplified inking application. It includes functionality like custom and
standard UI, line rendering, file save/load, and hand menus.

### [Bing Maps API and Terrain Sample](https://github.com/StereoKit/StereoKit-BingMaps)

![Bing Maps API and Terrain Sample]({{site.screen_url}}/SKMapsTutorial.jpg)

A well documented repository showing how to load and display satellite
imagery and elevation information from the Bing Maps API. It includes
creating a terrain system using StereoKit's shader API, loading color and
height data from an external API, and building a pedestal interface to
interact with the content.

### [Release Notes Demo for v0.3.1](https://github.com/StereoKit/StereoKitReleaseNotes/tree/main/v0.3.1)

This is an interactive release notes demo project that showcases the
features released in StereoKit v0.3.1! Not every release has a demo like
this, but it can be pretty enlightening to browse through a code-base
such as this one for reference.

### [Light Baking and Scene Management](https://github.com/maluoi/SKLightBake)

This is a quick demo for performantly managing static scenes, and baking
lighting into them with StereoKit! This bakes lighting into the vertex
colors of the mesh, so is visually limited by the number of vertices the
mesh has, and will merge meshes together.

### [StereoKit Demos]({{site.url}}/Pages/Guides/Sample-Code.html)

These are the demos that test StereoKit features and APIs! They are
occasionally documented, but frequently short and concise. They can be
great to check out for a focused example of certain parts of the API!

## Community Projects

### [Nakamir - Azure Active Directory Auth](https://github.com/Nakamir-Code/AzureStereoKitUWPSamples)

This repo contains a StereoKit sample application (for Microsoft HoloLens
2) that demonstrates user authentication using Microsoft Azure Active
Directory.

### [brunoshine - Azure Spatial Anchors](https://github.com/brunoshine/StereoKit.Samples.AzureSpatialAnchors)

This is a demo application on how to use Azure Spatial Anchors with
StereoKit to persist world anchors between sessions and devices.

### [Marc Plogas - Azure Spatial Anchors](https://github.com/mplogas/stereokit.azure.spatialanchors)

Another ASA demo from Microsoft Cloud Advocate, Mark Plogas.

### [Nakamir](https://github.com/Nakamir-Code/SKRiggedHandVisualizer) and [ClonedPuppy](https://github.com/ClonedPuppy/SKHands) - Rigged Hands

Attaching a skinned mesh/model to StereoKit's hand joint data.

## Sites and Places

### [GitHub Discussions/Issues](https://github.com/StereoKit/StereoKit/discussions)

The best place to ask a question! It's asynchronous, and a great place
for long-form answers that can also benefit others. The Discussions tab
is best for questions, feedback, and more nebulous stuff, and the Issues
tab is best if you think something might be misbehaving or missing!

### [The StereoKit Discord Channel](https://discord.gg/jtZpfS7nyK)

In a rush with a question, got a project to share, or just want to hang
out and chat? Or maybe you're looking for some feedback on a potential
contribution? Whatever the case, come and say hi on the Discord! This is
the core hang-out spot for the team and community :)


